Add RykenSlimeCustomizer (#282)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Addons.md

Ultimate Generators 2 | Ybw0014 | <details><summary>expand</summary>Ultimate Generators 2 is a Slimefun addon that adds more ultimate generators. It is based on UltimateGenerators by freeze-dolphin.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/GuizhanCraft/UltimateGenerators2) | [Github](https://github.com/GuizhanCraft/UltimateGenerators2) | [Builds](https://blob.build/project/UltimateGenerators2)
MoreResearches | JustAHuman_xD | <details><summary>expand</summary>MoreResearches is a new simple Slimefun Addon that gives server owners/admins the ability to create custom researches!</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/MoreResearches#readme) | [Github](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/MoreResearches) | [Builds](https://blob.build/project/MoreResearches)
SlimefunTranslation | ybw0014 | <details><summary>expand</summary>SlimefunTranslation aims to translate Slimefun items (including addons) without modifying the actual item, but the packets.</details> | [Wiki](https://docs.ybw0014.dev/slimefun-translation/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/ybw0014/SlimefunTranslation) | [Builds](https://blob.build/project/SlimefunTranslation)

> RykenSlimeCustomizer | lijinhong11 | <details><summary>expand</summary>RykenSlimeCustomizer can let you customize your Slimefun addon in a new way.</details> | [Wiki](rsc.hiworldmc.com) | [GitHub](https://github.com/SlimefunReloadingProject/RykenSlimeCustomizer-EN) | [Releases](https://github.com/SlimefunReloadingProject/RykenSlimeCustomizer-EN/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RykenSlimeCustomizer | lijinhong11 | <details><summary>expand</summary>RykenSlimeCustomizer lets you customize your Slimefun addon in a new way.</details> | [Wiki](rsc.hiworldmc.com) | [GitHub](https://github.com/SlimefunReloadingProject/RykenSlimeCustomizer-EN) | [Releases](https://github.com/SlimefunReloadingProject/RykenSlimeCustomizer-EN/releases)
```

Suggestion, not mandatory - feel free to ignore but likely reads better.
